Update to PowerShell customizations documentation (#3306)
Azure/autorest: docs/powershell/customization.md

To provide a dictionary, specifically `PSBoundParameters`, to another cmdlet via splatting, the following should be used:

**PowerShell**

```powershell
MyModule\Get-Foo @PSBoundParameters
```

Before providing the `PSBoundParameters` dictionary to the next cmdlet, it should be verified that all of the parameters defined in this dictionary are available in the next cmdlet. If there is a parameter with a value in the dictionary, but it's not found in the next cmdlet, then it should be removed from the `PSBoundParameters` dictionary.

To remove a parameter from the `PSBoundParameters` dictionary, the following should be used:

**PowerShell**

```powershell
if ($PSBoundParameters.ContainsKey("Foo"))
{
    # The variable $Foo has a value that was provided by the user

    # The -Foo parameter is not found in the next cmdlet, so we should remove it once we're done using it
    $null = $PSBoundParameters.Remove("Foo")
}
```

> _Note_: for PowerShell, the removal operation is assigned to a `$null` variable to prevent the returned `bool` from being written out from the cmdlet; this should be done for the removal operation on a dictionary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note_: for PowerShell, the removal operation is assigned to a `$null` variable to prevent the returned `bool` from being written to the Output stream from the cmdlet; this should be done for the removal operation on a dictionary, or any other command or call that returns a value.
```
